Added more prerequisites and info for using Azure DevOps CICD (#283)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/next/04_deploy/06_ci-cd.md

This example uses [Azure Key Vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/key-vault/) to store secrets as variable groups that are then made available to the CI/CD pipeline running on [Azure Devops](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/devops/).

> This example requires building both an Azure Key Vault and two Azure Variable Groups: one called `Variable-Group` and another called `Key-Vault-Group`. Additionally, you need at least one Linux agent installed on your host machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up this workflow, make sure you have:
- An Azure Key Vault
- Two Azure Variable Groups, one called `Variable-Group` and another called `Key-Vault-Group`.
- At least 1 Linux agent installed on your host machine.
```

@jwitz I kinda like the bullet-points on requirements so people feel like they're "checking off boxes", but I'll leave it up to you. If you keep the paragraph format, I might just rephrase "This example..." since the first sentence in this paragraph also starts with "This example."

For more information on configuring these components, read Azure's documentation:

* [Key Vault Quickstart](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/general/quick-create-portal)
* [Use a Variable Group](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/library/variable-groups?view=azure-devops&tabs=classic#use-a-variable-group)
* [Self-hosted Linux agents](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/v2-linux?view=azure-devops)

```yaml
trigger:
- main

variables:
- group: Variable-Group
- group: Key-Vault-Group

stages:
- stage: build
  jobs:
  - job: run_build
    pool:
      vmImage: 'Ubuntu-latest'
    steps:
    - script: |
    echo "Building container.."
    docker build -t registry.gcp0001.us-east4.astronomer.io/extraterrestrial-aperature-9667/airflow:$CI_PIPELINE_ID .
    docker login registry.gcp0001.us-east4.astronomer.io -u _ -p $(DEPLOYMENT-SERVICE-ACCOUNT-KEY)
    docker push registry.gcp0001.us-east4.astronomer.io/extraterrestrial-aperature-9667/airflow:$CI_PIPELINE_ID
```

> Replace the image tag details based on your registry and release names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the image tag details based on your registry and Airflow Deployment release name.
```
